README.md, before:

# [Start Bootstrap](http://startbootstrap.com/) - [Landing Page](http://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/landing-page/)

[Landing Page](http://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/landing-page/) is a multipurpose landing page template for [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) created by [Start Bootstrap](http://startbootstrap.com/).

## Getting Started

To begin using this template, choose one of the following options to get started:
* [Download the latest release on Start Bootstrap](http://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/landing-page/)
* Clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-landing-page.git`
* Fork the repo

## Bugs and Issues

Have a bug or an issue with this template? [Open a new issue](https://github.com/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-landing-page/issues) here on GitHub or leave a comment on the [template overview page at Start Bootstrap](http://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/landing-page/).

## Creator

Start Bootstrap was created by and is maintained by **[David Miller](http://davidmiller.io/)**, Owner of [Blackrock Digital](http://blackrockdigital.io/).

* https://twitter.com/davidmillerskt
* https://github.com/davidtmiller

Start Bootstrap is based on the [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) framework created by [Mark Otto](https://twitter.com/mdo) and [Jacob Thorton](https://twitter.com/fat).

## Copyright and License

Copyright 2013-2016 Blackrock Digital LLC. Code released under the [MIT](https://github.com/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-landing-page/blob/gh-pages/LICENSE) license.

Commit message:

New Theme
Changed the bootstrap theme

README.md, after:

# [Start Bootstrap](http://startbootstrap.com/) - [Creative](http://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/creative/)

[Creative](http://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/creative/) is a one page creative theme for [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) created by [Start Bootstrap](http://startbootstrap.com/).

## Getting Started

To begin using this template, choose one of the following options to get started:
* [Download the latest release on Start Bootstrap](http://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/creative/)
* Clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-creative.git`
* Fork the repo

## Bugs and Issues

Have a bug or an issue with this template? [Open a new issue](https://github.com/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-creative/issues) here on GitHub or leave a comment on the [template overview page at Start Bootstrap](http://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/creative/).

## Creator

Start Bootstrap was created by and is maintained by **[David Miller](http://davidmiller.io/)**, Owner of [Blackrock Digital](http://blackrockdigital.io/).

* https://twitter.com/davidmillerskt
* https://github.com/davidtmiller

Start Bootstrap is based on the [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) framework created by [Mark Otto](https://twitter.com/mdo) and [Jacob Thorton](https://twitter.com/fat).

## Copyright and License

Copyright 2013-2016 Blackrock Digital LLC. Code released under the [MIT](https://github.com/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-creative/blob/gh-pages/LICENSE) license.
